[Longing Heart]
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Episode 8]
Mr. Kang?
Is this a dream?
You gave me a piggyback ride
like this back then, too.
Right, Mr. Kang?
No.
Look at me properly.
I'm not Mr. Kang,
your teacher.
There was...
so much that I wanted to do
for you back then.
And there was so much that
I wanted to say to you back then!
But, because I was your teacher...
I had to hold myself back so much!
So, do you really think...
that I want to hear you
call me that again?
But...
You are my teacher, though.
I told you, I'm not!
Hmph.
Just...
say that you are!
This is my dream, anyway.
Fine.
Do it, then.
Call me your teacher.
See?
You are Mr. Kang, after all.
I really, really
wanted to see you...
Mr. Kang.
But...
isn't this our old school?
This is just like that day.
The day that I transferred
to this school.
But you're not wearing
a skirt today.
Thankfully.
Can't we go to the classroom, too?
Sure.
Do everything that you want to do.
She's not back yet.
Where did those two go?
Wow, what's this?
I bet this is where that
flower bouquet guy sits.
Huh?
What the...
How many women is he seeing that
he has this many rings?
I don't know, either.
How should I know?
Yeah, of course I came back to
the hospital. What else could I do?
Am I supposed to go to the spot
where she's meeting up with her friends?
Coming here?
Well, I don't know.
It seems to have been futile, honestly.
I mean...
I dragged her here so she could
get some rest in between working
but Han Ji Soo is still
a workaholic, as ever.
No way.
How could I give up now?
I've only liked Han Ji Soo
for the past ten years.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm an idiot.
But still, I won't be the kind of idiot
who'll let her get stolen from me.
By anyone.
All right. Thanks for
wishing me a happy birthday.
Okay.
Who is it this time?
Oh, just someone.
She's someone you know.
Is it Doctor Oh Young Joo
from the plastic surgery department?
Yeah.
Aren't you tired of
dating so incessantly?
You're only nice to me
when I'm dating someone.
I'd be so much nicer to you, if only
you didn't say things like this.
How's this one?
I think this one
is the prettiest.
This is different from
what she told me.
Ow!
Ow, damn it!
Do you want to leave now,
if you're tired?
Mr. Kang.
Want me to tell you a secret?
What is it?
A long time ago...
when we were trapped in the
classroom because of that fire...
You have your phone, right?
Give it to me. I'll call someone.
I don't have my cellphone.
To be honest, back then...
I did have my phone.
I didn't know that.
Now...
that I've told you a secret...
can't you grant me a wish?
What wish?
Tell me that...
one more time.
It's all right.
Just like you did before.
That it's all right...
because I'm here now.
The mere fact that
you're in front of me now...
And tell me that's more than good enough.
That's more than good enough.
Tell me that...
just one more time.
Just one more time.
Huh?
This is the ring that
I picked up for her.
Did Flower Bouquet
buy this one for her?
This...
isn't a ring that
Flower Bouquet bought her.
I bought this for her.
What's this?
Isn't this a women's ring?
Um, yeah!
It's for you.
I bought it to give to you.
Why are you taking it, then?
If it's mine, give it to me.
Huh?
I’m going to see if it fits me.
I definitely gave this to Mom.
So how...
does Ji Soo have this?
It's okay.
It'll be okay.
It would be so nice...
if I could turn back time.
A chilly breeze that
blew into my heart.
The periphery of those eyes
that turned a fiery red
before the truth.
It may have been that,
at that moment...
I innately felt what
my true fate was.
My true fate,
which I had been unable to avoid.
How did I get back here last night?
Maybe it's just another ring
that looks similar?
What are the chances that Ji Soo
would have the same ring...
that I bought back then?
Did you sleep well?
Yes.
Um, did your teacher bring me back
here yesterday, by any chance?
No, I brought you back.
And Mr. Kang took
Mr. Min Seok home.
Oh, really?
Oh yeah, I had something to
ask you, Deok Goo.
What is it?
A patient that I treated
in Seoul sent me a text
but I don't understand
what they wrote.
What does this say?
Um...
[U no u ha da pretst face in world, Doc?]
Did they write to you in a secret code?
You don't know, either?
But you're a high schooler,
just like this patient!
"You do the best face the world, Doc."
(Means "you're pretty")
"Do I admit that?
Yeah, I admit that."
"Real facts.
Impossible to refute."
And who the hell is this?
What does he mean,
"you do the best face?"
I'm not a plastic surgeon, though.
I'm an orthopedic surgeon.
This is a plastic surgery ward, right?
Then, are orthopedic surgeons
the ones who make the "best faces?"
I can't understand the lingo
that kids use nowadays.
Hah!
Why are you talking about them like
that when you're a School Luncher, too?
What's a "school luncher?"
Just wait until later
when you'll have to wrestle with
the other school lunchers
for 12 hours.
Then you'll learn all of their lingo.
Ugh, I don't want to go to school.
You have no choice but to go,
if you don't want to end up broke.
Ugh, you!
I don't want to hear that from you, when
you've been cutting school all this time.
But, um, why did you
tell me to tell Ji Soo
that I brought her
back here yesterday?
Shin Woo.
I'm sorry.
I want her to think that
it was all really a dream
and forget about it all.
At any rate, don't forget about what
I told you, and look into it for me.
You have to do something to
repay me for your hospital fee!
Do you know how many months' worth
of my paycheck you're using up right now?
Ugh, all right, already!
I'll be going now.
See you later!
And don't cut school to go
somewhere else, you hear?
Here.
So, did you have fun yesterday?
It felt as if I went back in time
to ten years ago.
But I think I drank way too much.
I bet you were calling out
that teacher's name again, then.
You always say your old homeroom
teacher's name when you get drunk.
It makes me so jealous.
I just really want to visit him.
But I can't find him,
no matter how hard I try.
You didn't really spend your birthday
alone yesterday, did you, Senior?
Are you kidding me?
It took an hour just for me
to blow out the candles.
The girls that I was with just kept
singing happy birthday over and over!
I knew that would be the case,
which was why I didn't go.
But in exchange, you have to
give me two presents.
I'll give you three.
Three.
So all of that is just an act, huh?
All right, then.
Then I'll put on an act, too.
About those three presents, though.
Can one of them be a
promise you make to me?
What kind of promise?
When I tell you the time and place
you have to come and see me
no matter what
no matter who you may be with,
no questions asked.
I'll use this favor on a day
that I really need you.
All right.
It's a promise, then!
Doctor.
I like you.
Hey, High Schooler.
Was your name Deok Goo,
or something?
There's a long line
for this doctor here
so if we line all those guys up
by age, oldest to youngest
you'll never get a turn with her.
I have no idea
what you mean.
The person I like isn't her...
but you.
Me?
Yes.
So, you want to be a doctor
when you grow up?
That's what you're saying, right?
Not a doctor, exactly.
But it'll be similar in the sense that
people will refer to me with respect.
Then, what you meant when
you said that you liked me
was that you respect me
or admire me, right?
I guess... you could say
that I admire you, yes.
How could you say "I like you"
to another man so nonchalantly?
You scared me!
I've done it once before.
What?
Don't worry about it.
Ugh, seriously?
Wait, so, what was it
that you were curious about?
Um...
Do you have to go study abroad,
no matter what
if you want to be a doctor?
I know that Doctor Han Ji Soo
studied abroad.
Oh, nah.
Ji Soo only attended
high school in the U.S.
and went to college
in Korea with me.
If you even attended college
with her too, then...
Six, seven... eight years?
Ugh.
If she was going to stop
studying abroad so soon
why did she go?
Do you know?
I don't know.
I just know that
she didn't want to.
Her parents probably
forced her to go abroad.
Forced her?
And... nothing happened to her
when she was in college?
Hey, Squirt.
Something significant happens
each and every day of med school.
Then...
do you know why Doctor Han Ji Soo never
came back here once, for all those years?
Hey, I'm curious about that myself.
I wonder why she refused to talk about
Garam Island at all, for all this time.
I think it may be because she can't ride
on boats that she didn't come here.
Doctor Han Ji Soo...
can't ride on boats?
Yeah.
So she suffered quite a lot
when we were on our way here.
Hey, Deok Goo.
Do you want to be with Han Ji Soo
when you grow up, or something?
It's too bad, though, because I'm
the first one in line for her.
She'll be off the market before
you've even finished growing up.
Hang in there, though.
Good luck.
I'm plenty grown.
And you should take another look.
There's someone else who's first in line.
At any rate, thank you.
Oh yeah.
If you didn't study abroad,
you probably didn't go to the army yet.
Oh, goodness!
Hang in there, though.
Good luck!
Ugh, that little...
The way he pisses me off
really reminds me of someone.
Ugh, that bastard.
Well? Did you look into it?
Yes. I don't think anything
too significant happened.
But apparently...
Ji Soo...
can't ride on boats.
Have you heard that?
I haven't.
Boats?
Well, at any rate, all right.
I'll take one day of your
hospital stay off your debt.
Okay.
Boats?
I heard that Ji Soo came to Garam Island.
How did you know that, Na Hee?
Geon Deok told me.
- Geon Deok did?
- Yeah.
You keep in touch with
Geon Deok, Na Hee?
Well, yeah, of course
we keep in touch!
He's my disciple too, after all!
What, you got a problem with that?
What? I didn't say anything!
What is your problem?
Oh, Shin Woo.
Answer this question for me, as a man.
How much of a man's words
can I really trust?
Why? Are you dating someone
right now, Na Hee?
Dating?
As if!
This is all because of that
bastard, Kang Shin Woo!
- Huh?
- You know, your old homeroom teacher!
The bastard that ran off
with my car!
What do you mean, ran away?
That's not fair of you to say that.
I heard you got your car back.
Yeah, but he ran off,
never to be seen again!
What? "You'll see me so much
that you'll be sick of me?"
He said that, and then disappeared!
Because of what he said,
I just can't trust men's words anymore!
Looks like I can't escape his shadow,
no matter where I go.
Oh yeah.
But you know, Na Hee.
It could be that he wasn't lying.
It could be exactly
as he'd said.
What that man said, I mean.
What is he saying?
Ugh.
What's this?
It's a hairpin!
Why are you giving me a gift, when
you're the one who's graduating?
Teach.
Doesn't this look
like a dog chew?
Now that you mention it,
it kind of does, yeah.
Then, think of this
as a dog chew
and if you ever go out drinking with a
person, and they happen to be male
make sure you put this on
before you go
while I'm away in Seoul.
And when you really, really
want to chew on something
Don't bite down on
anything else...
but this.
This, okay?
Why, you little...
am I dog, huh?
Am I a dog?
Hurry up and get out of here!
- Did you know, Teach?
- Know what?
I like you.
I'm not your disciple anymore!
Ugh, no, no.
Choo Geun Deok.
Ms. Baek.
Why is it that you're always reading
articles about Choo Geun Deok?
This is why you can't date anyone.
That little... ugh!
Ji Soo can't ride boats?
I've never heard about that.
Yeah, Min Seok.
Where are you?
Coffee!
[DramaFever Ver] E08 Longing Heart
-= Ruo Xi =-
What are you doing?
Huh?
Oh, Geun Deok gave me this.
He said that I have to take better
care of my skin when I'm home.
Do you want one, too?
Ugh, no thanks.
- I have to head out.
- Are you going somewhere?
I'm not making food anymore.
And I won't do the dishes,
or do the laundry anymore, either.
And you have to watch the kids
from now on, too.
Are those... divorce papers,
by any chance?
It's my resume.
I'm going to go get a job.
A job?
Where?
Where else?
A hair salon, of course.
I even have my license, so it'd be a
shame to let my talent go to waste.
So, um... give it a shot, if you want to.
Try doing what you want to do.
I'll make money for us.
So Ra.
But in exchange, all your money
is mine if you make it big, got it?
You know that, right?
I'll open my own salon.
But, um, So Ra.
Think about this carefully.
What do you mean?
I've always done the dishes,
laundry, and child-rearing.
And all my money was always
all yours from the start.
And it's not like anything here
belongs to me.
I don't need anything else.
All I need is you.
Is there a mask I can put on a
mouth that says stupid things?
No, I didn't see anything like that.
What's this?
Who is it?
You're asking if something was off
about Ji Soo ten years ago?
Yeah.
You were the one who
saw Ji Soo last among us.
You gave me the book
at my mom's funeral
telling me that Ji Soo
wanted you to give it to me.
Oh, come to think of it,
back then...
Ji Soo.
Min Seok.
What are you doing here?
Why don't you go inside?
I can't bring myself to go in.
Give this to Shin Woo for me.
I didn't think about it back then
since it was such a mess back then
but it was a bit strange,
thinking about it now.
Why did she come all that way,
only to leave?
Did Ji Soo say that something
happened to her back then?
Or, have you heard
anything about her?
I don't know.
Actually, back then...
on the day of your
mother's accident...
What are you doing tomorrow?
It's the weekend, after all.
Shall we all go
hang out somewhere?
Oh, sorry.
I have to go to this thing tomorrow.
So, you're going to go
study abroad, for sure?
No, I'm not going.
But, my parents said that
they'll get off my case
if I just go to this event.
Thanks to that, I'll be able to
take the ferry off this island.
Ji Soo was planning to
leave the island that day?
Yeah.
So when I first heard
about the ferry incident
I called Ji Soo first, because I thought
something might have happened to her.
Then, do you know what time
Ji Soo was planning to take the ferry?
Well no, I don't know that much.
But at any rate, she wasn't
on the boat that sank
which is probably why
Ji Soo is here now.
But why are you asking about the incident
from back then, all of the sudden?
Oh, it's nothing.
Thanks.
You know, don't you?
Does Kang Shin Woo,
by any chance...
still feel the same way?
Hey, Kang Shin Woo.
Do you really still like Han Ji Soo?
Yeah.
Hey, you idiot.
How could you say that
after what she did to us,
and what she did to you?
She was well aware of the fact
that your mother died
and yet she just left,
without a word.
Without ever saying goodbye,
or even asking how you were doing.
You were already suffering
through so much
and yet, that bitch threw
a bomb at you and left!
All right?
So...
she had no choice,
and had to do such a thing
must have had
such a hard time.
What?
Hey, Jang So Ra.
You know Han Ji Soo
better than that, don't you?
You're taking a ferry
off the island right now?
Yes, thank you.
Yeah.
There's something that
I need to check up on.
I'll come right back,
on the next ferry.
[Departure times: 5:00, 8:00,
11:00, 14:00, 17:00, 20:00]
All right.
But you know, Teach.
There's something that
I find really odd...
What the...
ugh, he hung up without
even hearing me out.
Are you an idiot?
Where else will you find the answer?
The person in question
is right next to you, after all.
She's not here, either.
Did she go somewhere?
This is definitely the ring
that I bought.
Have Mom and Ji Soo...
met before?
Did you get home safely last night?
Yeah.
Did you come out because
something happened?
I had a job interview nearby which is
why I asked you to see me for a bit.
To be honest, I was a little
happy when you called
and asked me to meet up with you.
I was worried that you'd refuse
to ever see me again.
I'll be straight-up with you.
Seeing you, even now,
makes me so pissed.
Even now, seeing you makes me
angry and makes me feel betrayed.
Was it so hard to just
say goodbye to us?
Okay, fine. Let's say you had
no choice but to leave in a rush.
Then, was it so hard to contact us
just once after you'd left?
Did we mean that little to you?
I'm really sorry.
All right.
I'm done venting now.
I finally feel better.
I think I kept it pretty short
considering the fact that I've
wanted to say this for 10 years now.
Because of Kang Shin Woo.
So make sure you apologize
to Kang Shin Woo, too.
Shin Woo?
He always makes me into the bad one.
It was like that 10 years ago,
and it's still that way now.
Here I am, whining because I was upset.
And yet, he was going through
such excruciating pain
but he prioritized your
well-being above his.
That's how he was to you.
Didn't he say anything
to you yesterday, either?
Yesterday?
Shin Woo took you back
yesterday, after all.
It's all right.
I have no idea
what happened to you...
or why you feel
remorseful toward me.
I don't know yet.
But if that's something
that is tormenting you...
just forget about it all.
Don't remember it...
and don't recall it, either.
Because, no matter
what it may be...
I'll do it all for you.
It's okay for you...
to just be at ease.
Oh, here.
We still have it.
Thank you.
[Study Abroad Info Session
Time: September 30th, 2007 at 3 p.m.]
If the info session
was at 3 p.m....
does that mean she almost
got on the 2 p.m. boat, on that day?
On the boat...
that Mom had been on?
Who is it this time?
Who made you cry
this time, Doctor?
Where is...
your teacher, right now?
Is it because of my teacher?
Did he say something to you?
What happened?
What's wrong?
Because I like him.
Because...
Because I like your teacher.
I like our teacher, Mr. Kang.
But...
I mustn't like him.
What...
do you mean by that?
Why mustn't you like him?
This ring is yours, isn't it?
Does it have something to do with this?
This ring...
is the reason why...
I can't like your teacher.
Where is...
Shin Woo, right now?
I'd like a ticket for the
2 o'clock ferry, please.
Ji Soo!
I waited until the morning...
ten years ago...
on the day before I left...
on Firefly Bridge.
I was hoping that...
you'd see my note,
and come.
But when you didn't show up...
I knew...
that I'd hoped that
you wouldn't come...
from the very beginning.
That causing you to hurt as well
would be too cruel of me.
And I decided that I'd live the
rest of my life being miserable.
I thought doing that would allow me
to atone for what I did to you.
But I think all of that was a lie.
It was just that I was scared
that you'd find out.
But now...
I really don't think I can do this.
What... is this?
Your mother's keepsake.
I'm sorry, Shin Woo.
I'm so sorry...
that I'm the one alive
in front of you right now.
What do you mean by that?
Your mother died...
because of me.
What... do you mean?
Why is it your fault...
that my mom passed away?
On the day of the accident...
I met your mother.
Right here.
Well, I don't know.
I think it'll be around dinnertime by the
time I get back from the info session.
What are you doing today, So Ra?
You're meeting up with Min Seok?
All right, call me when you
part ways with Min Seok.
Oh yeah, don't text me.
My screen is broken,
so I won't be able to read it.
The 2 o'clock ferry, please.
Should I ask Shin Woo
to meet up with us, too?
Oh, but I don't know his number.
I should've memorized it.
Excuse me, Student.
You're my Shin Woo's
classmate, right?
Yes.
Oh, are you
Shin Woo's mother?
Oh, yes, Miss.
I'm Shin Woo's mother.
You can use informal
speech with me, ma'am.
I'm Shin Woo's friend, after all.
Shall I do that, then?
There's still some time, so do you
want me to buy you a beverage?
It's raining too, after all.
Oh, um, yes.
All right, let's go this way.
My Shin Woo is always late for school,
and isn't good at studying.
Quite pathetic, isn't he?
No.
He's very athletic, kind,
and considerate.
I've never met a friend as nice
as Shin Woo, even back in Seoul.
He's my favorite of all my friends.
Really?
By the way, where are you
headed right now?
Oh.
Here.
Are you leaving to study abroad?
I'm just going to listen to
what they have to say about it.
Oh.
But, hey, um...
did Shin Woo contact you
yesterday, by any chance?
Shin Woo?
Oh, my phone is broken, so...
Oh.
But, where are you headed, Ma'am?
Oh, me?
Well, I...
I'm visiting someone
since they're ill.
But they said that they're
all sold out of tickets.
Oh, but I really have to go.
This is bad.
What should I do?
Would you like my ticket, then?
Really?
Is that okay?
I have no intention of
going to study abroad, anyway.
I don't need to go.
Here you go.
All right, thanks. Then...
Um... here.
I'll give you this in
exchange for the ticket.
Oh gosh, it fits you perfectly!
This is too generous of a gift
to accept in exchange for the ticket.
Then, can you do me a favor?
Can you get your phone fixed
as soon as you leave from here?
My... cellphone?
Yeah.
Oh, I'll be going since
the ferry is leaving now.
It was really difficult to fix this.
Don't drop this again!
- It's all fixed?
- Yes.
Thank you.
[I have something to tell you, Ji Soo.]
[I'll wait for you at Firefly Bridge
at 1 p.m. tomorrow.]
Yes, I'm Shin Woo's
homeroom teacher.
His mother is home right now, correct?
Oh, Mom went out.
Where did she go?
She said she was going
to meet with you.
You said you were going to a
hospital off the island yesterday.
So she went to take the ferry.
N-no.
That ferry...
that ferry is going to
get into an accident!
Just a second.
Hello?
- Where are you right now, Kang Shin Woo?
- Mr. Kang?
I asked you where you are right now!
What's the matter?
Is something the matter?
Mom is...
our mom is in danger.
Pardon?
Our mom is in danger!
"Our" mom?
What's the matter?
What happened to your mom?
It's nothing.
But I think I'll need to go for now.
Let's talk about this again
after I get back.
I'll call you.
Shin Woo!
I saw your mom...
not too long ago.
I found out after that
that the ferry that I was
going to take had sunk.
Do you get it now?
The person who was supposed to
have been on that boat that day...
was me.
If I just hadn't given
your mother my ferry ticket...
if I hadn't done that...
so...
don't you ever forgive me.
Just hate me and despise me.
And when you get tired of hating me...
just forget everything.
I'll live my life
forever remembering this.
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Longing Heart]
Didn't you treasure that book
more than anything else?
I'm going to put it away since
I'm never going to read it again.
Aren't you leaving me alone too much?
- Did you see Ji Soo?
- I'm looking at her.
Right now.
Because she won't eat,
and she spends all her time in the ER.
Hang out with me for
just one day, Doctor.
You want to make it so that
Ji Soo can leave Garam Island?
I once had a friend.
But I wasn't able to say what I wanted to
say to her, and we were separated here.
I just don't get it.
Don't you like Ji Soo?
I was happy to have met you, Mr. Kang
because I found out that
I'd become a pretty decent adult.
I'm going to go back
to the year 2007.
You're looking there, and the
spot over there is empty.
So you'll go stand there.
But then, she'll catch your eye.
So Shin Woo stands over here.
She looks mysterious
while she's sleeping.
There you go.
Enter here.
When we go back in there, keep your mouth
shut and don't say anything unnecessary!
It's these down times
where you say unnecessary things.
Edit.
Make sure you wriggle around a little.
Cue!
I know up to the
12 times table.
Six times eight?
Oh, um, up to
the 10 times table.
Ow!
We did it a lot.
If you're wrong, I get to hit you.
- Okay.
- Really?
Oh!
- Yeah, come here.